gdown: add page (#13272)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gdown.md

# gdown

> Download files from Google Drive and other URLs.
> More information: <https://github.com/wkentaro/gdown>.

- Download a file from a URL:

`gdown {{url}}`

- Download using a file ID:

`gdown {{file_id}}`

- Download with fuzzy file ID extraction (also works with <https://docs.google.com> links):

`gdown --fuzzy {{url}}`

- Download a folder using its ID or the full URL:

`gdown {{folder_id|url}} -O {{path/to/output_directory}} --folder`

> - Write stdout and pipe to extract:
> 
> `gdown {{tar_url}} -O - --quiet | tar zxvf -`

Reviewer: `tar` will determine the compression method automatically. If you use the `z` option and try to extract a tarball compressed with something other than `gzip`, you'll get an error instead.
```suggestion
- Download a tar archive, write it to `stdout` and extract it:

`gdown {{tar_url}} -O - --quiet | tar xvf -`
```

# gdown

> > Download files from Google Drive and other URLs.
> > Install: `pip install gdown`.
> > More information: <https://github.com/wkentaro/gdown>.

Reviewer: We do not document installation methods.
```suggestion
> Download files from Google Drive and other URLs.
> More information: <https://github.com/wkentaro/gdown>.
```
